docs: add section to Store testing guide on using mock selectors (#1797)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/store/testing.md

});
</code-example>

> #### Using Mock Selectors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using Mock Selectors
```

> `MockStore` also provides the ability to mock individual selectors to return a passed value using the `overrideSelector()` method. When the selector is invoked by the `select` method, the returned value is overridden by the passed value, regardless of any state snapshot provided in `provideMockStore()`. 

Reviewer 2: I find the last sentence a bit confusing, what a bout:

```suggestion
`MockStore` also provides the ability to mock individual selectors to return a passed value using the `overrideSelector()` method. When the selector is invoked by the `select` method, the returned value is overridden by the passed value, regardless of the current state in the store. 
```

`overrideSelector()` returns a `MemoizedSelector`. To update the mock selector to return a different value, use the `MemoizedSelector`'s `setResult()` method.

> `overrideSelector()` supports mocking the `select` method (used in RxJS pipe) and the `Store` `select` instance method using a string or selector.

Reviewer 2: I think you wanted to say `setResult` here?
Could we also simplify the wording as the following?

```suggestion
`setResult()` supports mocking the `select` method and returns the given input provided in `setResult()`.
```

Author: I intended to summarize the note from #1688:

> Covers mocking different types of selectors:
> 
> ```
> store.select('slice');
> ```
> 
> ```
> const selector = createSelector(state, state => state.slice);
> store.select(selector);
> ```
> 
> ```
> const selector = createSelector(state, state => state.slice);
> store.pipe(select(selector));
> ```

});
</code-example>

#### Using Mock Selectors

`MockStore` also provides the ability to mock individual selectors to return a passed value using the `overrideSelector()` method. When the selector is invoked by the `select` method, the returned value is overridden by the passed value, regardless of any state snapshot provided in `provideMockStore()`. 

`overrideSelector()` returns a `MemoizedSelector`. To update the mock selector to return a different value, use the `MemoizedSelector`'s `setResult()` method.

`overrideSelector()` supports mocking the `select` method (used in RxJS pipe) and the `Store` `select` instance method using a string or selector.

Usage:

> <code-example header="auth.guard.ts">

Reviewer: Instead of inlining the code, provide a `path` attribute.

```suggestion
<code-example header="auth-guard.service.ts" path="testing-store/src/app/auth-guard.service.ts">
```

import { Injectable } from '@angular/core';
import { CanActivate } from '@angular/router';
import { Store, select } from '@ngrx/store';
import { Observable } from 'rxjs';
import { take } from 'rxjs/operators';
import * as fromAuth from '../reducers';

@Injectable({
  providedIn: 'root',
})
export class AuthGuard implements CanActivate {
  constructor(private store: Store&lt;fromAuth.State&gt;) {}

  canActivate(): Observable&lt;boolean&gt; {
    return this.store.pipe(
      select(fromAuth.getLoggedIn),
      take(1)
    );
  }
}
</code-example>

> <code-example header="auth.guard.spec.ts">

Reviewer: Same here with path to example
